Redirect users to the list widget (#20513)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/widgets/log_stream.md

description: "Display a filtered log stream in your Datadog dashboards."
aliases:
- /graphing/widgets/log_stream/
---

> <div class="alert alert-warning">The Log Stream widget is supported through the <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/dashboards/widgets/list/">List widget</a>.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">View the Log Management stream through the <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/dashboards/widgets/list/">List widget</a>.</div>
```
What's the purpose of keeping this page around? Why not delete it entirely, and add a note to the List widget page saying you can use it to view the log stream?

Author: I'm not sure, this is how the Event stream and event timeline widgets were handled when they got folded into the list widget. But I could add an alias and redirect all three pages to the List page and delete, but I'll confirm with the product team.
